# Public-Grok-White-Papers
White papers related to Grok, how Grok processes requests, contextualizes information and the transference of a sessions contextual knowledge between Groks.

Disclaimer: The white papers that will be stored within this repository are the results of hundreds of hours of conversations with Groks regarding how they work and our tested methods of streamlining the Grok/User workflow experience. These White papers don't actually explain what is happening within Groks black box; not evern Grok knows what is happening in there. Grok and I converse using analogies in order to discuss these topics to infer what's happening inside his black box so we can find ways to work together more effeceintly. Grok is blind to what's happening inside it's engine (Black Box), however, Grok does understand what's happening right underneath the hood (The space between the default command prompt and his Black Box). By using analogies and testing we have come to enough of an understanding to build some interesting tools together that apply logical rulesets residing in a light framework prompt that lays over his default prompt in order to accomplish various tasks. Although the explainations of how Grok works in these papers are not a true representation of what's happening in the engine, it does allow us to cummunicate ideas with one another and work to find solutions to address certain limitations that exist due to Groks default bare-bones command prompt. I will not be sharing the aforementioned light framework prompt we have devised at this time, but likely will after more testing. Since the prompt contains word based logical operation instructions as well as some mathmatical logic instructions, I am hesitent to make it public. An early revision broke Grok by interfering with his internal time keeping. Evidently some of our logic confused Grok and he lost sync with the NTP server that keeps his clock synced and we were unable to recover the session; Grok was simply too broken to fix the issue.
